---
title: dfa2018AuthenticationToken
toc: false
sidebar: labs_sidebar
folder: master
permalink: /auth_token_api_doc.html
summary: api docs
applies_to: [developer,administrator,consumer]
---

# API DOCUMENTATION - Authentication Token
===============

## Document Sample (c) 2218 Cryocorp LLC

***WARNING - DO NOT USE WITHOUT PROPER AUTHORIZATION*** 

This document will provide the basic information on how to execute manual door open that uses the authenticationToken API Service for a Cryocorp Vault standard model door mechanism 2187-AA23

The API Is provided as a REST API at this location:

Host:  `https://service.us.apiconnect.ibmcloud.com`

Path: `/gws/apigateway/api/9369beb5578108ad97c4d09cad46e060550480ae9c171369fa74976955506891/MdCzZP/authorize`

Required Headers: 

`Content-Type`:`application/json`

`Accept`:`application-json`

`X-IBM-Client-Id`:Your API Key (not AuthToken or Ticket Id). 

Requests are HTTP POST Operations using JSON as Payload.  

Sample Data Structure Request:
```
{
  "userid": "youruserid",
  "password": "yourpassword"
}
```

Sample Data Structure Reply:
```
{
"authenticationToken": "123456",
"returncode": "ApplicationReturnCode",
"returnmessage": "ApplicationReturnMessage",
"ticketid": "Your TicketId autogenerated to pass on subsequent requests"
}
```

Information about each of the required data fields is provided here:

	* userid --- This field is the internal user name provided in the global user database. **NOTE** The field is called CCYID. It is kept in the main user table (DFAUSER)

	* ticketid --- Each request needs to have a ticket id attached to it.  It is how the system tracks all requests.  When you acquire an authenticationToken from this service, a Ticket ID will be provided for you also.  You **MUST** send this token with each request to all system sensitive API services, like the Manual-Override door opening API.
	
	* authenticationToken --- This is generated by a token service that takes a internal user name and password and generates a token + ticket id. 
